Update ch99-01-04-01-voting-contract.md (#393)
cairo-book/cairo-book.github.io: src/ch99-01-04-01-voting-contract.md

Before deploying, we need to declare the contract. We can do this with the `starkli declare` command:

```bash
starkli declare target/dev/starknetbook_chapter_2_Vote.sierra.json --rpc http://0.0.0.0:5050 --account ~/.starkli-wallets/deployer/account0_account.json --keystore ~/.starkli-wallets/deployer/account0_keystore.json
```

> If your compiler version is lower than `compiler-version 2.2.0`, and if you encounter `compiler-version` error while using the command above, you can specify your compiler version in the command: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the compiler version you're using is older than the one used by Starkli, which is synced and you encounter a `compiler-version` error while using the command above, you can specify a compiler version to use in the command by adding the `--compiler-version x.y.z` flag.

Reviewer: and then you can remove the duplicated command below

```bash
starkli declare target/dev/starknetbook_chapter_2_Vote.sierra.json --compiler-version 2.0.1 --rpc http://0.0.0.0:5050 --account ~/.starkli-wallets/deployer/account0_account.json --keystore ~/.starkli-wallets/deployer/account0_keystore.json
```

> If you still encounter `compiler-version` error after specifying your compiler version, try upgrading Starkli using the command: `starkliup`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're still encountering issues with the compiler version, try upgrading Starkli using the command: `starkliup` to make sure you're using the latest version of starkli.
```

Author: > 

I made the changes in this commit: https://github.com/cairo-book/cairo-book.github.io/pull/395

Author: You really made the text better and more comprehensive
